PROPOSED RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED BY THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS OF ACCIONA, S.A. TO THE 2025
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
1. ANNUAL ACCOUNTS AND AUDIT.
Justification and appropriateness of the proposed resolutions:
The purpose of these resolutions is to comply with articles 164, 272 and 273 of the Corporate Enterprises
Act, which establishes that the General Meeting must, within six months following the closing of the
corresponding financial year, approve the annual accounts, the management of the company and the
proposed distribution of earnings, drawn up by the Board of Directors. Moreover, and in accordance with
articles 42 and 49.6 of the Spanish Code of Commerce, the consolidated accounts of the group of which
Acciona, S.A. is the parent company are also submitted for approval, and the consolidated non-financial
information statement and Sustainability Report which forms part of the consolidated directors' report. The
non-financial information statement and Sustainability Report has been duly verified by an independent
verification service provider.
Furthermore, with the auditor’s one-year mandate having expired, it is proposed to re-elect it for the 2025
financial year, in accordance with article 264 of the Corporate Enterprises Act. Pursuant to article 529
quaterdecies of the Corporate Enterprises Act and article 40 bis of the Articles of Association, the Board of
Directors submits the proposal of the Audit and Sustainability Committee.
Proposed resolutions:
1.1 Examination and approval, if applicable, of the individual annual accounts of Acciona, S.A.
and consolidated accounts of the group of which it is the parent company, corresponding
to financial year 2024.
To approve the individual Annual Accounts (balance sheet, profit and loss account, statement of
changes in net equity, cash flow statement and report) of Acciona, S.A. corresponding to the
2024 financial year, as drawn up by the Board of Directors.
Approve the consolidated annual accounts (balance sheet, profit and loss account, consolidated
statement of income and expenditure, statement of changes in equity, cash flow statement and
notes to the financial statements) of the group of companies of which Acciona S.A. is the parent
company corresponding to the 2024 financial year, as drawn up by the Board of Directors.
1.2 Examination and approval, if applicable, of the individual management report of
Acciona, S.A. and the consolidated report of the group of which is the parent company,
corresponding to the financial year 2024.
Approve the directors' reports, both individual and consolidated, for financial year 2024, drawn up
by the Board of Directors.
1.3 Approval, if applicable, of the corporate management and actions carried out by the
administrative body of Acciona, S.A. in the financial year 2024.
To approve the management of the Board of Directors and of the Company’s executives and
attorneys during financial year 2024.
1.4 Examination and approval, if applicable, of the consolidated non-financial information
statement and Sustainability Report, contained in the consolidated directors' report, for
financial year 2024.
Approve the consolidated non-financial information statement and Sustainability Report which
forms part of the consolidated directors' report of the group of companies of which Acciona, S.A.
is the parent company, for financial year 2024, as drawn up by the Board of Directors. The
consolidated non-financial information statement and Sustainability Report has been duly verified
by an independent verification service provider.
1.5 Application of the results of financial year 2024.
To approve the allocation of the results of the 2024 financial year as follows:
2024
(Euros)
Distribution basis:
Profit of Acciona, S.A. 87,960,345.05
Distributable voluntary
208,833,117.71
reserves
Distribution:
To legal reserves -
To statutory reserve 8,796,034.51
To capitalisation reserves -
To voluntary reserves -
To dividends 287,997,428.25
Total 296,793,462.76
The gross dividend payment of approximately €5.25 per share (or a higher amount as set by the
Board of Directors or its members with delegated powers as a result of the direct own shares
existing at the time of payment) will be paid on 10 July 2025. The dividend will be paid through
the entities participating in Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro Compensación y
Liquidación de Valores, S.A. (Sociedad Unipersonal) (IBERCLEAR).
1.6 Re-election of KPMG Auditores, S.L. as auditors of Acciona, S.A. and its consolidated
group for the financial year 2025.
Re-elect KPMG Auditores, S.L. with tax ID number B-78510153, a Spanish entity, recorded at the
Commercial Registry of Madrid on folio 84, volume 11961, sheet M-188.007, with registered
office in Madrid, Paseo de la Castellana 259C, recorded in the Official Registry of Auditors of the
Accounting and Audit Institute under number S0702, as auditor for Acciona, S.A. and its
- 2 -
consolidated group for the review of its individual and consolidated annual accounts for financial
year 2025.
This resolution is submitted by the Board of Directors for the approval by the Annual General
Meeting, acting on a proposal from the Audit and Sustainability Committee.
2. RENEWAL OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS.
Justification and appropriateness of the proposed resolutions:
In accordance with article 529 decies of the Corporate Enterprises Act, the General Shareholders’ Meeting
is responsible for the appointment and re-election of the members of the Board of Directors. In this regard,
the re-election of Ms. Sonia Dulá, Ms. Maite Arango García-Urtiaga and Mr. Carlo Clavarino as
independent directors is submitted to the General Meeting, at the proposal of the Appointments and
Remuneration Committee, following the Board of Directors’ Reguations and the Board of Directors’
Composition Policy, and after a detailed analysis of the skills matrix of the Board, the profiles included in it
and the capabilities of each candidate.
Proposed resolutions:
2.1 Re-elect Ms. Sonia Dulá as Independent Director.
2.2 Re-elect Ms. Maite Arango García-Urtiaga as Independent Director.
2.3 Re-elect Mr. Carlo Clavarino as Independent Director.
All these appointments shall be for the period specified in the Articles of Association and at the proposal of
the Appointments and Remuneration Committee.
The reports and information on the candidates proposed to the General Meeting are available to
shareholders from the publication of the announcement of the call to the General Meeting on the
Company's website, www.acciona.com
3. APPROVAL OF THE DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION POLICY FOR THE FINANCIAL YEARS 2026,
2027 AND 2028.
Justification and appropriateness of the proposed resolution:
The current Directors' Remuneration Policy was approved by the General Meeting of Shareholders held
on 23 June 2022 for the three-year period 2023, 2024 and 2025. Although the policy is currently valid, it
should be submitted to the General Meeting, prior to the end of the last fiscal year of application of the
previous policy, and as a separate item on the agenda, a new Remuneration Policy, which will be
applicable upon approval and for the three-year period 2026-2028, all in accordance with article 529
novodicies of the Corporate Enterprises Act.
While maintaining a line of continuity with the current Directors' Remuneration Policy, the new policy
introduces certain new features aimed at aligning the Remuneration Policy with market best practices and
simultaneously meeting the expectations of its shareholders, maintaining a competitive remuneration
policy capable of attracting, motivating, and retaining top-level professionals. These new features are
explained in greater detail in the specific report on the new remuneration policy prepared by the
Appointments and Remuneration Committee on the new Remuneration Policy which, together with the
reasoned proposal of the Board of Directors, has been made available to shareholders at the time of the
call to the General Meeting.
- 3 -
Proposed resolution:
In accordance with article 529 novodecies of the Corporate Enterprises Act, the shareholders are asked to
approve the Directors’ Remuneration Policy of Acciona, S.A. for the years 2025 (from the date of its
approval), 2026, 2027 and 2028, which text has been made available to the shareholders on the day the
General Meeting was called, at the proposal of the Appointments and Remuneration Committee and the
Board of Directors.
Also, to the extent required by law but within the limits of this resolution and the legislation in force, to
provide the Board of Directors with the powers to interpret, develop, formalise and execute this resolution,
adopting any agreements and signing any public or private documents that may be necessary or
appropriate to ensure their full effect; and to adapt the Directors’ Remuneration Policy when necessary
and at the proposal of the Appointments and Remuneration Committee, to changing circumstances, the
rules established by applicable legislation, recommendations or best practice in this matter and the
specific requirements made by supervisors, provided that such changes do not represent a substantial
amendment of its terms and conditions, which would require it to be submitted again for deliberation by the
General Meeting under applicable law; and in particular to:
a) Develop and determine the specific terms and conditions of the remuneration system for executive
directors where not specified by the Policy and within the framework of the Articles of Association,
including, but not limited to, designating the beneficiaries thereof, agreeing the settlement of variable
remuneration and its terms and conditions, establishing the grounds for early settlement, as the case may
be, and announcing compliance with the conditions on which such settlement depends;
b) Adapt the content and conditions of the Policy to exceptional corporate transactions or circumstances
which may occur during its period in force, both referring to Acciona, S.A. and the companies in its Group,
and to the benchmarks selected to determine the variable remuneration, to ensure that the remuneration
remains subject to the same terms and conditions;
c) Adapt the content of the Policy to any requirements, observations or requests which may be made at
any time by the competent supervisory authorities, and in particular, to make any adjustments in the
percentages and deferral periods of the annual and long-term variable remuneration applicable to the
executive directors of Acciona, S.A.;
d) Interpret the rules of the annual and multi-year variable remuneration system of settlement and
payment applicable to the executive directors of Acciona, S.A.;
e) In general, carry out any actions and sign any documents which may be necessary or advisable to
ensure the validity, effectiveness, implementation, development and execution of the Directors'
Remuneration Policy of Acciona, S.A.
4. ADVISORY VOTE ON THE ANNUAL DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION REPORT FOR 2024.
Justification and appropriateness of the proposed resolution:
Under point 4 and in application of article 541.4 of the Capital Companies Act, the Annual Report on
Directors' Remuneration for the financial year 2024 is submitted to a consultative vote, the full text of
which has been available to shareholders since 27 February 2025, date on which the Board of Directors
prepared the annual accounts for the financial year 2024 and approved the Annual Report on Directors'
Remuneration, which was published by the Company as ‘Other Relevant Information’.
- 4 -
Proposed resolution:
Approve the Annual Directors’ Remuneration Report for 2024, on an advisory basis.
5. AUTHORISATION TO CONVENE, WHERE APPROPRIATE, EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL
MEETINGS OF ACCIONA, S.A. WITHIN A MINIMUM NOTICE OF FIFTEEN DAYS, IN ACCORDANCE
WITH ARTICLE 515 OF THE CORPORATE ENTERPRISES ACT.
Justification and appropriateness of the proposed resolutions:
Article 515 of the Spanish Companies Act makes it possible to reduce the term for convening
extraordinary general meetings to a minimum of fifteen days' notice, provided that the Company allows all
shareholders to vote via electronic means and this reduction is approved at the Annual General Meeting
with the favourable vote of shareholders representing two thirds of the share capital subscribed with the
right to vote.
As of today, it is not expected that an Extraordinary General Meeting will have to be convened with a
reduced notice, but the Board of Directors considers it reasonable to reserve this possibility should it be
required.
Proposed resolution:
To authorise the announcement of Extraordinary General Meetings of Acciona, S.A. with a minimum of
fifteen (15) days' notice, pursuant to article 515 of the Spanish Corporate Enterprises Act.
6. DELEGATION OF POWERS TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR THE IMPLEMENTATION,
INTERPRETATION, AMENDMENT AND EXECUTION OF THE RESOLUTIONS AGREED BY THE
GENERAL MEETING, AND TO REPLACE THE POWERS IT RECEIVES FROM THE GENERAL
MEETING; AND THEIR CONVERSION INTO A PUBLIC INSTRUMENT, INTERPRETATION,
AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENTATION, IMPLEMENTATION AND REGISTRATION.
Proposed resolution:
To delegate to the Board of Directors the broadest powers of implementation, interpretation, amendment
and execution of the resolutions adopted by this General Meeting, with the express authorisation for the
powers to be exercised by the Directors or the Secretary designated by the Board of Directors.
Thus, among other actions, such persons are empowered so that any of them, acting jointly and severally
plus indistinctly, can remedy any defects in the formalisation of the resolutions adopted by the General
Meeting in the sense indicated by the verbal or written observations from the Commercial Registry,
notarise them and take such other steps as may be necessary for their execution.
******************************
- 5 -