2025 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
CONVENING NOTICE
Dear Shareholder,
We are pleased to invite you to the 2025 Annual General Meeting (the AGM that will take place on:
Tuesday, 15 April 2025 at 130 pm
Hotel Okura Amsterdam
Ferdinand Bolstraat 333
1072 LH Amsterdam, the Netherlands
Agenda
1. Opening and introductory statements
2. Report on the Companyʼs business, financials and sustainability journey (non-voting items):
1. Report of the Board of Directors for the financial year 2024
a. Overview of the Companyʼs highlights
b. Board activities
c. Governance report
d. Dividend policy
2. Introduction of Members of the Board of Directors whose (re)appointment is proposed
3. Reflections on 2024, guidance for 2025 and key priorities
4. External Auditorʼs report
5. Leading the Journey Towards Clean Aerospace
3. Discussion of all Agenda items
4. Vote on the Resolutions in respect of the:
1. Adoption of the audited accounts for the financial year 2024
2. Approval of the result allocation and distribution of a dividend for the financial year 2024
3. Approval of an extraordinary dividend for the financial year 2024
4. Release from liability of the Non-Executive Members of the Board of Directors
5. Release from liability of the Executive Member of the Board of Directors
6. Reappointment of EY Accountants B.V. as auditor for the financial year 2025
7. Appointment of KPMG Accountants N.V. as auditor for the financial year 2026
8. Approval, as an advisory vote, of the implementation of the Remuneration Policy for the financial year 2024
9. Adoption of the Board of Directorsʼ Remuneration Policy
10. Reappointment of Mr Guillaume Faury as Executive Member of the Board of Directors for a term of three years
11. Reappointment of Ms Catherine Guillouard as Non-Executive Member of the Board of Directors for a term of three
years
12. Reappointment of Ms Irene Rummelhoff as Non-Executive Member of the Board of Directors for a term of three years
13. Appointment of Dr Doris Höpke as Non-Executive Member of the Board of Directors, for a term of three years, in
replacement of Ms Claudia Nemat whose mandate expires as of the close of this AGM
14. Delegation to the Board of Directors of powers to issue shares, to grant rights to subscribe for shares and to limit or
exclude preferential subscription rights of existing shareholders for the purpose of Employee Share Ownership Plans
and share-related Long-Term Incentive Plans
15. Delegation to the Board of Directors of powers to issue shares, to grant rights to subscribe for shares and to limit or
exclude preferential subscription rights of existing shareholders for the purpose of funding (or any other corporate
purpose) the Company and its group companies
16. Renewal of the authorisation for the Board of Directors to repurchase up to 10% of the Companyʼs issued share
capital
17. Cancellation of shares repurchased by the Company
5. Closing of the Meeting
At the time of the publication of this Convening Notice, the Companyʼs total issued share capital, in number of issued shares and in
voting rights, is published on the Companyʼs website at: www.airbus.com/en/investors/annual-general-meetings.
Registration Date
Pursuant to Dutch law and the Companyʼs Articles of Association, any shareholder holding at least one Airbus share at the close of
markets on Tuesday, 18 March 2025 (the Registration Date) and has timely registered (as described below) can attend and vote at
the AGM.
Registration
Shareholders can attend the AGM physically or online. Shareholders who wish to attend the AGM are required to notify Société
Générale Securities Services by using the online voting platform, Votaccess, or the voting form (see the instructions below under
‘Votingʼ). Please note that it will not be possible to vote or raise questions when attending online.
Live webcast
Shareholders providing voting instructions to Euroclear France S.A. or shareholders granting a power of attorney to the Chairman,
are offered the possibility to follow the entire AGM via a live webcast. In order to receive the link to watch the webcast,
shareholders will need to provide their email address and mobile phone number on the online voting platform or the voting form.
Please note that it will not be possible to vote or raise any questions during the live webcast.
Voting
– Holders of shares via financial intermediaries linked to Votaccess: if you hold registered shares, you can access
Votaccess via the Sharinbox website (https://sharinbox.sgmarkets.com/home). If you have not yet activated your
Sharinbox account, you can activate it on the Sharinbox website, under “Access to My Accountˮ or via the mentioned
link. If you hold bearer shares via financial intermediaries linked to Votaccess, they will provide you with login details to
Votaccess. Votaccess will be available from Tuesday, 4 March 2025 until Wednesday, 9 April 2025, 11.59 PM CET.
– Holders of bearer shares via financial intermediaries: a shareholding declaration will need to be provided by your
financial intermediary on your behalf, together with a filled-in and signed voting form expressing your voting instructions
by Wednesday, 9 April 2025, 11.59 pm CET to Société Générale Securities Services (see below for the address). The
shareholding declaration has to be printed on your financial intermediaryʼs letterhead and needs to include your first
name, surname, email address and the number of shares held on the Registration Date. Please note that your financial
intermediary is solely and exclusively responsible for the validity of the shareholding declaration, and for the timely and
correct completion of this process.
– Holders of bearer shares via German financial intermediaries: you would need to send a shareholding declaration and a
filled-in and signed voting form expressing your voting instructions directly to: generalmeeting.airbus@sgss.socgen.com
by Wednesday, 9 April 2025, 11.59 pm CET. The shareholding declaration has to be printed on your financial
intermediaryʼs letterhead and needs to include your first name, surname, email address and the number of shares held
on the Registration Date.
Please find the voting forms and a template shareholding declaration on: www.airbus.com/en/investors/annual-general-meetings
Annual General Meeting documents
The AGM documents (the agenda with explanatory notes, the 2024 Report of the Board of Directors, the 2024 audited Financial
Statements, the External Auditorʼs report and the proposed Remuneration Policy) are available online at:
www.airbus.com/en/investors/annual-general-meetings and at the following addresses:
– Airbus SE Mendelweg 30, 2333 CS Leiden, the Netherlands
– Airbus Legal Corporate Affairs: 2 Rond-point Émile Dewoitine, 31700 Blagnac, France
– Société Générale Securities Services, Service Assemblées Générales: 32, Rue du Champ de Tir, CS 30812, 44312 Nantes
Cedex 3, France
Questions
For any questions related to the AGM, please contact us
– by email at: generalmeeting.airbus@sgss.socgen.com; or
– call us as 33 02 51 85 65 85.
Airbus SE
European public limited-liability company (Societas Europaea)
Mendelweg 30, 2333 CS Leiden, the Netherlands
Registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 24288945